Home
Home
Who are we: Kilbeggan Community Group is an umbrella body which represents 24 community and voluntary groups across South Westmeath. We work tirelessly alongside sponsors to help participants of the scheme gain meaningful practical experience, achieve relevant qualifications and training...

CE Training
Training is an integral part of Community Employment. Each learner on CE designs an Individual Training Plan (ILP) which outlines work experience and both job specific and progression training. Job Specific Training All participants are required to participate in basic...

Our Sponsors
Kilbeggan Community Group works closely with it’s sponsors to provide meaningful work placements. Kilbeggan Community Group CLG is sponsored by 24 community and voluntary groups across South Westmeath. The groups work tirelessly alongside the local community to deliver a range...

Contact Us
For further information please don’t hesitate to contact us via phone, a visit or by dropping us an email. Telephone: 057 9332711 (085) 2523154 Email: kcgltd@gmail.com Connect with us on Facebook Address: Kilbeggan Community Group CLG Upper Main Street, Kilbeggan, Co. Westmeath...





Kilbeggan Community Group represents 24 community & voluntary groups across Southern Westmeath.

Kilbeggan Community Group works closely with it’s sponsors to provide rewarding work placements.




Home
Who are we:
Kilbeggan Community Group is an umbrella body which represents 24 community and voluntary groups across South Westmeath. We work tirelessly alongside sponsors to help participants of the scheme gain meaningful practical experience, achieve relevant qualifications and training and offer them support and guidance as they work towards achieving their goals and developing their careers.

What is the Community Employment Scheme:
Community Employment is an employment programme funded by the Department of Employment Affairs and Social Protection, which helps long-term unemployed people to re-enter the active workforce by offering part-time and temporary placements within local voluntary communities and organisations.

By doing this they are providing the participants with meaningful practical experience and training opportunities to enhance and develop their technical and personal skills. Participants can avail of the possibility of studying to achieve major awards up to level 6 which are QQI accredited and tailored to suit the needs and career goals of any individual. After completing their placement, participants are encouraged to seek employment elsewhere based on the experience, the development of new skills and the qualifications they have gained.

Below is a excellent video from the Department of Social Protection on the benefits of Community Employment in your area.












https://vimeo.com/523868167/845d3588b5